DM-33809: Change how --log-level works (#658)
lsst/daf_butler: doc/lsst.daf.butler/scripts/logging.rst

.. _cli_logging_options:

Controlling Log Output from Command-Line Tooling
================================================

Every command-line program has a standard set of options that control how logs are reported.
These can be listed using ``butler --help`` and are available to all command-line programs that :ref:`use the Butler command-line infrastructure <daf_butler_cli-other_commands>`.
The logging options must be given before any subcommand is specified.

By default the ``lsst`` log hierarchy is set to ``INFO`` logging level and the python root logger is left at its default level of ``WARNING``.

> Additional root loggers can be treated as the default loggers by setting the ``$DAF_BUTLER_ROOT_LOGGER`` environment variable to a colon-separated list of logger names.

Reviewer: Maybe this instead?
```suggestion
Additional loggers (and their descendants) can be treated the same as the default ``lsst`` logger by setting the ``$DAF_BUTLER_DEFAULT_LOGGER`` environment variable to a colon-separated list of logger names.
```

The logging level can be changed by using the ``--log-level`` command line option.
To change all the default loggers to ``DEBUG`` use ``--log-level DEBUG``.
The help text will list all the supported level names.

> To change the logging level of the root python logger use either ``--log-level "=LEVEL"`` or ``--log-level __root__=LEVEL`` (where ``LEVEL`` is the required level from the supported list).

Reviewer: Less verbose than `__root__` and more obvious than bare `=` might be `.=`?

Author: Good idea.

Since the default logger is always set to ``INFO``, in order to set all loggers to, say, ``DEBUG`` then both the default and root logger must be set explicitly: ``--log-level "=DEBUG" --log-level DEBUG``.

This syntax demonstrates how to specify finer control of specific loggers.
For example to turn on debug logging solely in Butler datastores use ``--log-level lsst.daf.butler.datastores=DEBUG``.
The ``-log-level`` option can be given multiple times.

As an example of how the log options can be combined:

.. code-block:: bash

    butler --log-level lsst.daf.butler=DEBUG --long-log --log-label MY_ID --log-file log.json

These options will:

> * set the ``lsst`` logger to ``INFO`` and the butler logger to ``DEBUG``;

Reviewer: Add after here "leave all non-``lsst`` loggers at ``WARNING``;"?

* generate formatted log messages that will use the long format that includes time stamps with every log message containing the special text ``MY_ID``;

> * Will create a log file containing a JSON representation of the log messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* create a log file containing a JSON representation of the log messages.
```
